my friend at warrington irish coffee
irish coffee will irish coffee this is a
drink more and more appreciated in
France a complicated delicate drink
a learned mix precisely that is not
not a mix then to learn more
the team becomes betv moved
to ireland in dublin
here in the old port that was
turned into a financial center
he remains the captaincy who has
transformed it into people you in
enjoy 6 to ben masters in three to
inside we have a specialist
who will show us how it works
so here we found a john job
of course he will explain to us how
high risk officer actually explains
hot water but with the curtain
green that shocked more important between
even chirac and so far all luxin
Police did not want more friends
hunters
Sugar still lack the very agreement
ate well I took a measure of
whiskey hockey news
we will stay sober and 9 inches who quotes
the rapido
ok so here for now we're mixing
all that there are times we have kids
score the facades and we have irish
coffee in fact we see the whiskey we see
the coffee we see the cream she makes it a
gala mix in canada so actually
history is absolutely necessary
that the cream and it's not the cream
whipped cream I specify that the cream
be cold because if it's hot
in fact she will fall in the in the
coffee so that makes all the facts the
good cold cream at kenauk notch
angelic rima fakih checking and who
enjoys this love at first sight is important
so a very hot spoon and there we
flows
1 that's why it falls not cre
ndi and that's the magic
in fact it's all stupid eh it takes
a minute and that's it and with that we have
copies of the small non-coffee beans
question to know is how are we going
be able to drink
it was hot 6 200 candidates
koffi I hope you 're fine
retained the recipe now for you to
repeat it good luck